
# GrandeOmega Visualization Project 

## Goal
The goal of this project is to visualize about 3 months' worth of anonymous usage data of the GrandeOmega teaching app.
By doing this, we hope to find correlations and data-patterns that can help teachers structure their lessons and (GrandeOmega) homework.

## Structure
This application is written in Ruby On Rails with a C++ backend.

The Ruby On Rails application exposes HTTP endpoints that return the JSON generated by the backend. This JSON is then used to generate Highcharts graphs, regressions and other interesting measurements.

Ruby and C++ communicate through the Ruby Rice gem. 

## Running
Note that the usage data of the GrandeOmega platform is not public yet. Once it is, use these steps to run the visualizations:

- Create a new folder, 'docs' in lib/DataProcesser/
- Add your .yaml data in that folder. Add the Grades.yaml file  in a separate new folder, Grades/.
- Acquire the required tools and languages using the buildScripts/installation.sh script.
- Create a PostgreSQL database for the data.
- Create a .pgconf file, containing key-value bindings for the host adress, port etc. See lib/DataProcesser/src/DataBaseInteracter/DatabaseInteracter.cpp 
- Change the #define PATH_TO_CONFIG_FILE in lib/DataProcesser/src/DataBaseInteracter/DatabaseInteracter.h constant to point to your config file.
- Change the classFileBaseFileString constant in lib/DataProcesser/src/dataprocesser.cpp to whichever location your class files occupy. 
- Done! You can insert the .yaml data by calling the insertToDB() method of the dataprocesser cpp file. 
- 
